Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy explains the information that Make Friends (“Make Friends” “we,” or “us”) collects about users of the Make Friends mobile application and related website(“Make Friends”), how we use that information, and with whom we share it. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a revised Privacy Policy on this page. If you have any questions, please contact us within the app.

Information we collect: Information collected automatically: When you use Make Friends, we automatically collect and store information about your computer or mobile device and your activities. This information includes:

1). Your mobile device's unique ID number;
2). Your mobile device's geographic location while the app is actively running;
3). Your computer's IP address;
4). Technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system);
5). Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, privacy preferences, product preferences, etc.);
6). The URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites;
7). The buttons, controls and ads you clicked on (if any);
8). How long you used Make Friends and which services and features you used;
9). The online or offline status of Make Friends.

Information you choose to provide: In order to register, you will be asked to sign-in using your social media account login. If you do so, you authorize us to access certain Facebook account information, including information about your social media friends who might be common social media friends with other Make Friends users. By allowing us to access your social media account, you understand that we will obtain and share your name and a profile picture, as well as the name and profile picture of your social media friends who are common social media friends with other Make Friends users in your network or geolocation.

Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly viewable screens or pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. You may also (but are not required to) provide information about yourself (such as your gender, location, URL, or a biography). Any additional image or information you provide may be publicly displayed. 

1. Information about others:
We may collect and store personal information about other people that is available to us through
your social media login, namely the name and picture of certain of your social media friends as follows: we will only share this information with other Make Friends users who are already friends with your Facebook friend and who already have access to such information.

2. How we use your information
We use your information to provide and improve our services, award loyalty points to you, make special offers, customize services for you, better understand our users, diagnose and fix problems, and sell and display offers and ads that may be relevant to you. 
Geo-location information:
While the Make Friends application is in use, we keep track of your device’s geographic location so that we can connect you to other Make Friends users based on your particular geographic location.

3. Use of your information by others
We may share user information with other companies for various reasons as described below.
What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them. We generally require these other companies to keep our users' information confidential.

Service Providers: We may share all of the types of information we collect with vendors who provide services to us.

Advertisers: To the extent we display advertising on Make Friends, we may allow advertisers and advertising networks to collect information about your mobile device (including mobile deviceIDs), activities, and geographic location to enable them to display targeted ads to you.

Analytics Companies: We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities. These companies analyze this information to help us understand how our sites and apps are being used.Analytics companies may use mobile device IDs, as described in the paragraph below (“Mobile device IDs”). Unlike cookies, device IDs cannot be deleted.

Mobile device IDs: In order to recognize you, store your preferences, and track your use of our application, we may store your mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer) when you use the Make Friends application. Unlike cookies, device IDs cannot be deleted.

Aggregated Information: We may publicly disclose aggregated information about our users, such as the total number of our users and their overall demographics.

Legal matters: We may disclose any information: in response to a legal request, such as asubpoena, court order, or government demand; to investigate or report illegal activity; or to enforce our rights or defend claims. We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a corporate restructuring, such as a sale or merger.

4. Children's privacy
We do not allow persons under 12 to register for any service, and we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from persons under the age of 12. 

 

If you have any questions about these Privacy Policy, please contact us in the app.

 

Last Revised Date: August 17, 2017